20_2 DataGrid Master-Detail View: rewrite (#605)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/MasterDetailView/description.md

> Master-Detail View allows a user to expand a row ('master') and display the related content ('details') in the expanded section. To configure this feature, use the [masterDetail](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/) object. Set its [enabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/#enabled) property to **true** and use a [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/#template) to specify detail section content. In this demo, the detail section displays another DataGrid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Master-Detail View allows users to expand a row ('master') and display the related content ('details') in the expanded section. To configure this feature, set the the [masterDetail](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/) object's [enabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/#enabled) property to **true** and use a [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/#template) to specify detail section content. In this demo, the detail section displays another DataGrid.
```

> Master-Detail View allows a user to expand a row ('master') and display the related content ('details') in the expanded section. To implement this feature, add the [masterDetail](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/) object, set its [enabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/#enabled) property to **true** and specify a content [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/#template). In this demo, it displays another DataGrid.

Reviewer 2: When you implement something, you create it from scratch.

```suggestion
Master-Detail View allows a user to expand a row ('master') and display the related content ('details') in the expanded section. To configure this feature, use the [masterDetail](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/) object. Set its [enabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/#enabled) property to **true** and use a [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/#template) to specify detail section content. In this demo, the detail section displays another DataGrid.
```

> The [Master-Detail API](/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/MasterDetailAPI/) demo shows how to apply custom logic for expanding the 'master' row.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
